[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
film 12 monkeys
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
a deadly unknown virus has quickly
spread all over the world
killing more than five billion people
and forcing survivors to live
underground
james is a prisoner living in an
underground compound beneath
philadelphia
he witnessed a gunshot in the airport
when he was little
the police shot dead a man in a tiger
patterned shirt
and the woman with blonde hair beside
him was crying her eyes out
this scene has haunted james
continuously in his dreams
but he cannot figure out why then james
is roused up by the authorities
who need him to collect the living
things on the surface for scientific
study
it's revealed that all the creatures on
the surface have been infected
so he needs to be armed to the teeth to
protect himself from the deadly virus
he comes out to the city on the surface
through a manhole where everything seems
normal
except that there is no human being but
many wild animals
he collects some insects and finds a
board on which draws the 12 monkeys
he has excellently completed the mission
after his return to the underground
the scientists decide to give him
another task in exchange for a reduced
sentence
what he has to do is to travel back to
and to find the original virus so that
the scientists could develop vaccines
unfortunately due to the transport
failure james is sent back to 1990
not 1996 as planned the police find him
wandering around
almost naked and screaming about the
virus and the end of the world
so they send him to jail believing that
he is a psycho
the psychiatrist catherine visits him in
the jail but only finds james has been
tortured like a [ __ ]
as much as catherine wants to help him
she cannot understand a single word
james tells her
there is nothing she can do but to treat
him as a psycho too
and send him to a mental hospital at the
hospital
james encounters a ward mate called
jeffrey whom james
asks if he can make a phone call jeffrey
tells him he has to get the doctor's
approval
while believing that if all the nuts are
allowed to make telephone calls
the insanity would be spread by oozing
through telephone cables
and infect all the other normal people
he also tells james if he wants to watch
a particular program
he has to tell the charge nurse before
the show is on as there are always
people requesting shows
that have already been played jeffrey
shouts out loud that there are always
people who want to turn back time
but in fact none of them can do it and
they are all nuts
what jeffrey says makes james kinda
confused he begins to doubt whether what
he has been through
is only a dream or his hallucination and
there is no
such thing as time reversal however the
priority task he has to do now
is to get himself out of a god damned
hospital
he tries to persuade the doctors to let
him make a phone call
firmly believing he can prove his
identity by making the call
however when he gets through the phone
the person who answers it
is only an ordinary housewife not the
scientists
it turns out to be that the number was
not used by the scientists back then in
the next day as the tv shows those
rabbits and monkeys being tortured for
experiments
jeffrey says that people are just like
monkeys while james bursts out
that maybe the human race deserves to be
wiped out
jeffrey is very excited by james words
thinking it's a great idea
so he tries to help james get out of the
hospital
despite that the meds james takes every
day make him extremely weak
at last he gets caught by the hospital's
guards
he is then given an overdose of sedate
and is fully restrained to the bed in a
cell
but to everyone's surprise james just
disappears from such a closed room
it turns out to be that the scientists
have transported him back to 2035
this time his travel doesn't bring back
any useful information
due to the wrong year he's been sent the
scientists showed james a group of
photos of numerous people
suspected of being members of the 12
monkeys organization james is surprised
to find that jeffrey is among those
people
therefore in order to figure that out
and to help people reclaim the surface
of earth
he decides to make another time travel
to find all the answers
this time however he has been
transported to the time during the
second world war
he shows up at a battlefield totally
naked and unguarded
and gets a shot in his leg during the
chaos
but fortunately he is then transported
to sometime in the right year 1996
when catherine is giving a lecture on
many unbelievable prophecies
collected during the second world war in
fact
she became obsessed with research on
supernatural incidents
after witnessing james unaccountable
disappearance in 1990.
she even shows her interest in one
special case where a naked soldier
showed up out of nowhere on the
battlefield
claiming that he's in search of an
original virus that would nearly kill
the human race in the future year 1996.
after the lecture fan expresses his
opinion that the human race is the root
of
all evils the rape of the environment
the production of various kinds of
chemical weapons
and many other uncontrolled human
activities however
as there are so many people waiting
catherine doesn't think much
about what the guy says when catherine
is preparing to go back home after that
she is horrified by a man in her car who
turns out to be james
catherine immediately recognizes him who
unbelievably escaped from a closed cell
james forces her to drive him to
philadelphia where he is going to
continue with his investigation of the
12 monkeys
at the hotel james has the same dream
again about being at the airport
when he wakes up he suddenly realizes
that the blonde woman appearing
continuously in his dream
is catherine he doesn't know why this
happens
on the way to philadelphia the car radio
is reporting a boy fell into a dry well
surprisingly james says he had heard
about this news
when he was a little boy he then says
that the boy is actually not in the dry
well
but hiding in a barn catherine doesn't
take his word seriously
as he always has these crazy words after
getting to philadelphia
james does find the marks of the twelve
monkeys organization
he also finds out that his ward mate
jeffrey is involved with the
organization
and his father is a well-known nobel
prize-winning biologist
james decides to find jeffrey and
straighten all these out
catherine notices the gunshot in james's
leg and insists he should treat it first
however the next second after catherine
taking out of the bullet
and carrying his wound he knocks her out
and locks her in the trunk
james gets into jeffrey's house where
his father is giving a major address
about his newly discovered virus
after talking with jeffrey james learns
that jeffrey is trying to steal the
virus from his father
and that he is going to set free the
animals and banish the whole human race
realizing that all jeffrey's crazy plans
originate from his unintentional words
at the mental institution
james wants to stop jeffrey but to no
avail
he runs back to the forest and gets
catherine out of the trunk
catherine tells him again that he has
created all these in his mind
and nobody is gonna die james however
believes that everything is real as hell
right then the police are already there
chasing after james
and catherine is still trying to
persuade him to surrender to the police
but soon astonished to find james
disappeared again
when she turns around the next day she's
shocked by the news that the boy was
found hiding in the barn
as james said before james is now back
in 2035
he gets a full pardon as he has found
out the secret of the 12 monkeys
organization
however the dark underground life makes
him begin to wish that these are all his
delusions
he desires to live on the surface under
the blue sky and most importantly
to find his hormone partner catherine
therefore
he volunteers to travel back to the past
again
while in the past world catherine now
starts to believe that james is from the
future
as she cannot explain how james knew the
boy was hiding in the barn
and the world war ii bullet found in his
leg
she then calls to warn the famous
virologist of his son who might go to
steal the virus
he takes catherine's advice and asked
his assistant to upgrade the security
system
surprisingly the assistant turns out to
be the man who told his thoughts to
catherine on the book signing
later catherine meets james again on the
street who has just traveled back
this time the two's attitudes have
completely switched
james insists that he is mentally ill
and that he needs her help
because he really wants to stay in the
past world with fresh air and blue sky
and turn her to be his hormone partner
as well while catherine now thinks
everything might be true and that there
might be billions of people dying
she then thinks out a way to test
whether it is true or not
which is to call the number james called
six years ago after his first
transportation
to see if it gets through to the
scientists if it does then the end of
the world will come
but if someone else answers it then
everything is just a delusion
catherine is very excited after making
the phone call as it is just a carpet
cleaning company on the other end of the
phone
she thinks the phone call she has with
the virologist has changed the history
however when catherine talks about the
voice message she leaves
james repeats exactly the same it turns
out to be that this phone call has been
intercepted by the scientists in the
future
and they have played it to james and
haven't recited it already
by now the two completely lose hope as
they know the virus outbreak can't be
avoided
so they decide to enjoy the last few
weeks of hormone time together
they buy some clothes and accessories at
the shopping mall and do a simple makeup
later in the cinema
it occurs to catherine that james has
never been to the beach before
so she decides to take him to florida to
see the beautiful sea
but the images of them wearing makeups
make james feel kinda uneasy
as they look exactly the same as the
blonde woman and the man
in his dreams on their way to the
airport the taxi driver tells them that
they may not be able to catch the plane
due to the heavy traffic caused by the
wandering animals in the downtown area
which are released from the zoos by the
12 monkeys organization
seeing that catherine feels very happy
as she gets to know this is the secret
plan of that organization
which turns out to have nothing to do
with the virus
so there will be no end of the world at
all
while at the airport james is anxious to
find that it's exactly the same place
where the shooting happened in his
dreams when catherine
is checking in for them james leaves a
message telling the scientists that
following the 12 monkeys organization
is the wrong track and that he will not
return to the future
however the phone is being monitored by
the police
so the police immediately locate james
at the same time
catherine meets a guy who looks very
familiar when buying the tickets
then she finds out that the guy is the
assistant the virologist
until now catherine recognizes the guy
who is exactly the apocalypse nut
spreading his hate for uncontrollable
human activities at her book signing
suspecting that the guy might be the one
who'll steal and spread the virus
catherine rushes back to tell james
about that james forces his way through
the security checkpoint
and draws his handgun trying to shoot
the man
however before he does it he is shot
down by the coming police
this scene is witnessed by a little boy
who is actually the young james
it seems that everything is destined and
no one can make any changes to it
in the final scene the man successfully
boards the plane with a suitcase full of
the virus
he meets a woman sitting next to him who
is one of the scientists from the future
she tells him that she's in insurance
seemingly indicating that she is the
last one on the mission
to ensure they can stop the man and save
the world eventually
this is daniel cc movie channel bye